App Review
iOS Submission
Unresolved Issues

Your app version was rejected and no other items submitted can be accepted or approved. You can make edits to your app version below.

Items Submitted (1)
You can review and make edits to your items below, or communicate with Apple. Accepted items won't be available for release until all items with issues are resubmitted and accepted. You can also remove those items and resubmit them later.
Item
Type
Review Status
Action
iOS App 1.0

1.0 (1)

App Version
Rejected
2.1.0 Performance: App Completeness

2.3.8 Performance: Accurate Metadata

b9b56bca948cd292017d7283693ff05194ed6d85.millDownload
See More
Edit

Messages (1)

AppleYesterday 3:11 AM
Hello, 

We noticed this is your first app submission and want to congratulate you on joining the Apple Developer Program. We look forward to working together on your submissions.

When App Review identifies an issue with a submission, we’ll contact you with a message in App Store Connect with details about what we found and how to resolve the issue. Learn more about App Review and tips for a smooth review experience. 

See below for additional information about the issues that require your attention for this submission. If you have any questions, we are here to help. Reply to this message in App Store Connect and let us know.


Review Environment

Submission ID: c4b8a4b5-03ae-4b0f-a3a8-0289c8e1de26
Review date: January 28, 2026
Review Device: iPhone 17 Pro Max
Version reviewed: 1.0


Guideline 2.3.8 - Performance - Accurate Metadata

The app or its metadata does not appear to include final content. Specifically, the app icons appear to be placeholder icons.

Next Steps

To resolve this issue, please ensure all the app icons are finalized and similar enough to each other to avoid creating confusion. When users search for the app on their devices, they should be able to recognize it.

Resources

- Learn more about adding icons.
- Learn more about accurate metadata requirements in guideline 2.3.8.


Guideline 2.1 - Information Needed

We have started our review, but we need additional information to continue. Specifically, it appears your app may access or include paid digital content or services, and we want to understand your business model before completing our review. 

Next Steps

Please review the following questions and provide as much detailed information about your business model as you can.


1. Who are the users that will use the paid content, features or services in the app?
2. Where can users purchase the content, features or services that can be accessed in the app?
3. What specific types of previously purchased content, features or services can a user access in the app?
4. What paid content, features or services are unlocked within your app that do not use in-app purchase?
5. Do users have to pay a fee to create an account?

Support
- Reply to this message in your preferred language if you need assistance. If you need additional support, use the Contact Us module.
- Consult with fellow developers and Apple engineers on the Apple Developer Forums.
- Provide feedback on this message and your review experience by completing a short survey.
