Hello,

Thank you for your efforts to follow our guidelines. There are some outstanding issues that still need your attention.

If you have any questions, we are here to help. Reply to this message in App Store Connect and let us know.

Review Environment
Submission ID: c4b8a4b5-03ae-4b0f-a3a8-0289c8e1de26
Review date: February 15, 2026
Review Device: iPad Air 11-inch (M3)
Version reviewed: 1.0


Guideline 2.5.1 - Performance - Software Requirements

The app requests access to the HealthKit framework, but there does not appear to be any features in the app that use this functionality.


Next Steps

If the app does not include any features that use the HealthKit framework, remove access to this functionality from the app. If the app does include features that use the this functionality, reply to this message in App Store Connect to provide information on how to locate them.



Resources

Learn more about software requirements in guideline 2.5.1.


Guidelines 3.1.1 - In-App Purchase and 3.1.3(c) - Enterprise Services

We noticed in our review that your app offers enterprise services that are sold directly to organizations or groups of employees or students. However, these same services are also available to be sold to single users, consumers, or for family use without using in-app purchase. 

When an organization or group buys access to your app's enterprise services, you don't need to use in-app purchase. But when providing access to an individual user, consumer, or for family use, you should use in-app purchase. 

Apps on the United States storefront may link out to the default browser, using buttons, external links, or other calls to action, for payment mechanisms other than in-app purchase. To learn more, see the News post on Apple Developer. For storefronts where there are not alternative options for qualifying apps, the app must use in-app purchase. 

Next Steps

Here are two ways to resolve this issue:

- You can revise your app to only provide your services directly to organizations and groups of employees and students.
- Otherwise, you can revise your app to give App Store customers the option to purchase these services with in-app purchases. 

If there's additional information you'd like to provide regarding the digital content and services in your app, reply to this message in App Store Connect and let us know. If there's information you'd like us to consider in future submissions, please include it in the App Review Information section of App Store Connect.

Resources

- Learn more about our policies for apps that offer enterprise services in App Review Guideline 3.1.3(c).
- Learn more about implementing in-app purchase in your app.
- Learn more about submitting In-App Purchases and subscriptions to App Review.


Guidelines 5.1.1(i) - Legal - Privacy - Data Collection and 5.1.2(i) - Legal - Privacy - Data Use

Issue Description

The app appears to share the user’s personal data with a third-party AI service but the app does not clearly explain what data is sent, identify who the data is sent to, and ask the user’s permission before sharing the data. 

Apps may only use, transmit, or share personal data after they meet all of the following requirements: 

- Disclose what data will be sent
- Specify who the data is sent to
- Obtain the user’s permission before sending data
- Identify in the privacy policy what data the app collects, how it collects that data, all uses of that data, and confirm any third party the app shares data with provides the same or equal protection

Next Steps

If the app sends user data to a third-party AI service, revise the app to explain what data is sent, identify who the data is sent to, and ask the user’s permission before sharing personal data with a third-party AI service.

If it does not already, the app’s privacy policy must also identify what data the app collects, how it collects that data, and all uses of that data, including if it is shared with a third-party AI service.

If the app does not send user data to a third-party AI service or does not include a third-party AI service, reply to this rejection to confirm and add this information to the App Review Information section of App Store Connect.

Resources

- Learn more about privacy policy requirements in guideline 5.1.1(i).
- Learn more about data use and sharing requirements in guideline 5.1.2(i).
- Learn more about providing information to App Review in App Store Connect.
